"SkyPay provides innovative service technology solutions for financial transactions using various techniques linking diverse companies to provide both over-the-counter and digital payment solutions."

About SKYPAY: Established in August 2018, SKYPAY is a Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas-licensed Operator of Payment System (OPS) and a SEC-registered fintech company in the Philippines, committed to delivering innovative and secure financial technology solutions.

About SKYPAY: Established in August 2018, SKYPAY is a Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas-licensed Operator of Payment System (OPS) and a SEC-registered fintech company in the Philippines, committed to delivering innovative and secure financial technology solutions. We deliver powerful, secure, and seamless payment solutions for businesses of all sizes. We connect billers, merchants, and partners, creating an effortless, convenient, and secure experience for customers. Our mission is to help businesses innovate by removing barriers through advanced, customizable financial solutions.

Our Vision: We aim to provide comprehensive payment services, both online and offline, including collections, disbursements, acquiring, remittances, and cross-border transactions. By simplifying and digitizing every process, we ensure speed, convenience, and security for our partners and customers.

Global Reach, Local Expertise: SKYPAY enables fast, reliable payments across the Philippines and supports cross-border transactions in Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea, Japan, Hong Kong, China, and Vietnam. Our solutions empower businesses to operate seamlessly on a global scale while streamlining local operations.


Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas-licensed Operator of Payment System (OPS)

SkyPay is a Payment Gateway linking our Biller and Merchant partners to provide collection and disbursement solutions.

Over-the-counter Payment Collection
Customers can go to any of our merchant partners nationwide to pay for their bills etc.


Over-the-counter Cash Payout
Customer can go to any of our merchant partner nationwide to claim their cash.


Digital Payment Collection and Cash Payout
Customers can access all online partners such as GCASH, PayMaya, Coins.ph etc. to pay their bills and claim their cash.


Digital Payment
Customer will have different options to pay their online purchases with our current list of digital payment.


Value Added Services
Aside from Collections and Payout, SkyPay offers different services such as Buy Load, Top Up, Cash In, etc.


SKYPAY Mobile Application
Developing Stage


Domestic and International Remittance
Coming soon


Foreign Exchange
Coming soon

How it works
SKYPAY is a Payment Solution provider company.
As the country’s fastest growing payment solution provider, SKYPAY is dedicated in giving our partners the most advanced and secured payment experience in the market.

We are a Payment Solution provider bridging our merchant and biller partners to provide both over-the-counter and digital collection and payout services. Our goal is to deliver an easy, convenient and secured customer experience.

Payment Collection
Customers can go to any Collection Partner of SkyPay to do Bills Payment.

Over-The-Counter

Customer goes to any collection partner of SkyPay.


Customer provides contract number and mobile number to cashier.


Cashier collects payment from customer.


An acknowledgement receipt will be printed and given to the customer.


Transaction will be posted to the respective Biller Partner.

Digital Payment

From the MERCHANT’S website, customer selects e-wallet as mode of payment then a QR code will be generated.


Customer scans the QR code and confirms the amount to be deducted from the account.


A confirmation page will be displayed verifying that the transaction is successful then customer will be redirected back to the MERCHANT’S website.

Credit/Debit Card

From the MERCHANT’S website, customer selects Credit Card or Debit Card as mode of payment and enters card details in the card payment page then click PAY.


Enter the OTP code sent to registered email address or SMS.


A confirmation page will be displayed verifying that the transaction is successful then customer will be redirected back to the MERCHANT’S website.

Direct Banking

From the MERCHANT’S website, customer selects Direct Banking as mode of payment and selects preferred bank. Customer will be redirected to chosen Bank’s Web Banking page.


Enter the OTP code sent to registered email address or SMS.


Confirm and authorize the online Payment.

Cash Disbursement
Customers can go to any Disbursement Partner of SkyPay to claim their cash.

Over-The-Counter

Beneficiary goes to any disbursement partner of SkyPay and fill out both KYC and Withdrawal forms.


Beneficiary provides contract number and mobile number of the sender.


Cashier disburses cash.


An acknowledgement receipt will be printed and given to the beneficiary.


Transaction amount will be deducted to the Biller Partner’s portal wallet.

E-Wallet Disbursement

Customer selects preferred e-wallet as mode of disbursement.


Customer will receive an SMS confirmation that his loan application is approved.


Customer will receive an SMS confirmation from the preferred bank that the amount is credited to his account.

InstaPay and PESONet Disbursement

Customer selects preferred bank as mode of disbursement.


Customer will receive an SMS confirmation that his loan application is approved.


Customer will receive an SMS confirmation from the preferred bank that the amount is credited to his account.

Landline: +63 5328 5320
Phone(Globe): +639275580175 / +639275580141
Phone(Smart): +639995903042 / +639995903040

Email: cs@skypay.ph

Who is SkyPay?
SkyPay is a facilitator of payment transactions through our various channels, over the counter and online channels, both for Collections and Payout. SkyPay is not held liable in any callouts from agents forcing our customers to settle their balance to their own personal accounts using the name of SKYPAY.

Who are your Collection and Payout Partners?
Collection Partners

Over-the-Counter Channels
7-eleven
Mlhuillier
RD Pawnshop
Cebuana Lhuillier
TrueMoney
Online Channels
GCash
PayMaya
FastPay
ShopeePay
Payout Partners

Over-the-Counter Channels
Mlhuillier
RD Pawnshop
LBC
Online Channels
GCash
PayMaya
Coins.ph
InstaPay Member Banks
Note: Only accredited collection partners of SkyPay listed above are allowed to collect on behalf our Biller Partners. Do not entertain any calls, messages or email from unauthorized person instructing you to settle your payment to their personal account. SkyPay is in any form not connected to such activities.

Who is SkyPay’s target market?
Skypay connects to various biller partners in any field of business nationwide who needs collection and payout facilities. To accommodate those requirements, SkyPay tie up with different merchant partners such as banks, pawnshops and more to do the collection of payments and disbursement of money.

What is the SkyPay Mobile Application?
SkyPay Mobile Application will grant its users a virtual bank account in partnership with AUB HelloMoney that can be used to PAY their Bills, Send Money to their loved ones, Top Up their online wallets, Buy Load and more.

Powerful payment solutions with strong integration capability to serve a multitude of businesses.
SKYPAY is a Payment Solution provider that connects billers and merchants to deliver an easy, convenient, and secured customer experience. Our goal is to innovate businesses by eliminating barriers with our customizable and advanced solutions.


SKYPAY is a Payment Gateway linking diverse companies to provide over-the-counter & digital collections, as well as a range of payout solutions.

SKYPAY is a technology-enabling company focused on digitalizing businesses through our hardware and software customizable to our partner’s specific needs and branding. Our solution aims to resolve payment issues and eliminate manual processing.

Vision
As the country’s fastest-growing payment solution provider, SKYPAY is dedicated to giving our partners the most advanced technology and secured payment experience in the market.

Mission
Our mission is to elevate our partners’ competitive advantage through our advanced technology and customizable payment solutions. We aim to simplify and digitalize every process to give convenience and security to our partners.

Company Values
Safety is our priority – We ensure that our partners will have secured payment experience.
Keeps you on track – We ensure the flexibility of our solutions we offer to our partners.
Your Trust is valued – We make sure to fulfill our responsibilities to our partners.
Promotes advancement – We are focused on digitalizing every business in the country.
All in one – We provide complete and easy to use solutions to our partners.
Your reliable partner – We are focused on satisfying our partner’s requirements.






